# Lexicographically-Smallest-Generated-String

You are given two strings, str1 and str2, of lengths n and m, respectively.

A string word of length n + m - 1 is defined to be generated by str1 and str2 if it satisfies the following conditions for each index 0 <= i <= n - 1:

If str1[i] == 'T', the substring of word with size m starting at index i is equal to str2, i.e., word[i..(i + m - 1)] == str2.
If str1[i] == 'F', the substring of word with size m starting at index i is not equal to str2, i.e., word[i..(i + m - 1)] != str2.
Return the lexicographically smallest possible string that can be generated by str1 and str2. If no string can be generated, return an empty string "".

 

Example 1:

Input: str1 = "TFTF", str2 = "ab"

Output: "ababa"

Explanation:

The table below represents the string "ababa"
Index	T/F	Substring of length m
0	'T'	"ab"
1	'F'	"ba"
2	'T'	"ab"
3	'F'	"ba"
The strings "ababa" and "ababb" can be generated by str1 and str2.

Return "ababa" since it is the lexicographically smaller string.

Example 2:

Input: str1 = "TFTF", str2 = "abc"

Output: ""

Explanation:

No string that satisfies the conditions can be generated.

Example 3:

Input: str1 = "F", str2 = "d"

Output: "a"

 

Constraints:

1 <= n == str1.length <= 10^4
1 <= m == str2.length <= 500
str1 consists only of 'T' or 'F'.
str2 consists only of lowercase English characters.

class Solution:

    def generateString(self, str1: str, str2: str) -> str:
        n, m = len(str1), len(str2)
        res = ['a'] * (m + n - 1)
        fixed = [False] * (m + n - 1)
        for i, c in enumerate(str1):
            if c == 'T':
                for j in range(m):
                    if not fixed[i + j]: res[i + j] = str2[j]
                    elif res[i + j] != str2[j]: return ''
                    fixed[i + j] = True
        for i, c in enumerate(str1):
            if c == 'F' and res[i : i + m] == list(str2):
                for j in range(i + m - 1, i - 1, -1):
                    if not fixed[j]:
                        res[j] = 'b'
                        break
                else: return ''
        return ''.join(res)
